ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the app. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service, You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and conditions, you may not access the Service.

You represent that you are of the right age to access this motivational app

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.

The Company has no control over and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services. Please visit.

QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTION

If You have any concerns about the service, you may contact us via email.

CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please opt to uninstall our app.

CONTACT US

If you have any concerns and questions, You can contact us at:

Email: diarynigracia@gmail.com
